README.md, before:

PyPiano
=======
Play the piano on your computer keyboard!

![My image](http://gustavklopp.github.io/img/pypiano.png)

## What is this package used for?

Only for your enjoyment... Between 2 coding sessions, try to relax by frenetically typing on your computer and doing music.

## Installation

Python package with PyPi in the future...
For the moment:

* Requirements:

Pygame 

Python 3.x, but Python 2.x should work also

## Using it:

`python pypiano.py`

You can also type using a AZERTY keyboard: 
`python pypiano.py azerty` 

(QWERTY is default so the automatic value is `python pypiano.py QWERTY`).
The name of the key to type are indicated bellow the key itself (with the music note)

## Known Bugs:

None for the moment... Don't hesitate to report issues!

## Contributors

If you have some suggestions, critics, problems to make it work in your special configuration, I can (or try..) help!

Thanks to the pygame-users group for the help! (see: http://www.pygame.org/wiki/info)
Especially Michael and Sam for solving bad FPS!

## License

GNU General Public License

Commit message:

added keyboard layout picture for readme

README.md, after:

PyPiano
=======
Play the piano on your computer keyboard!

![PyPiano](http://gustavklopp.github.io/img/pypiano.png)

## What is this package used for?

Only for your enjoyment... Between 2 coding sessions, try to relax by frenetically typing on your computer and doing music.

## Installation

Python package with PyPi in the future...
For the moment:

* Requirements:

Pygame 

Python 3.x, but Python 2.x should work also

## Using it:

`python pypiano.py`

You can also type using a AZERTY keyboard: 
`python pypiano.py azerty` 

(QWERTY is default so the automatic value is `python pypiano.py QWERTY`).
The name of the key to type are indicated bellow the key itself (with the music note)

Position of the 48 keys (4 octaves available, from C2 to B5)
![keyboard_layout](http://gustavklopp.github.io/img/keyboard_layout.png)

(from "KB United States-NoAltGr" by This file was derived from: KB United States.svg. Licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 via Wikimedia Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:KB_United_States-NoAltGr.svg#/media/File:KB_United_States-NoAltGr.svg)

## Known Bugs:

None for the moment... Don't hesitate to report issues!

## Contributors

If you have some suggestions, critics, problems to make it work in your special configuration, I can (or try..) help!

Thanks to the pygame-users group for the help! (see: http://www.pygame.org/wiki/info)
Especially Michael and Sam for solving bad FPS!

## License

GNU General Public License
